8.384845445251973e+17,Sun Mar 05 20:21:08 +0000 2017,"Notables from the worlds of fashion, art, design and entertainment sketch their responses to a brief questionnaire. "
8.010705825949942e+17,Tue Nov 22 14:31:24 +0000 2016,"Starting with Woody Allen, and making pit-stops with Demi Lovato, Leonardo DiCaprio and Donald Trump, Kathy Griffin finally lifts the veil on the never before told run-ins with the famous and the infamous. "
7.438838241159455e+17,Fri Jun 17 19:11:39 +0000 2016,"By Brad Haynes It was just announced today that Anderson Cooper & Andy Cohen will be bringing their AC2 show to Orlando. 100% of proceeds from the performance will benefit the OneOrlando Fund. The show will take place Thursday, June 30, 2016 at 8:00 p.m. Tickets on sale Tuesday, June 21, 2016 at 10 a.m. Read the press release from the Dr. Phillips Center for the Performing Arts below. June 17, 2016 – Orlando, FL – In light of the horrific attack at the Pulse Nightclub in Orlando, Anderson Cooper and Andy Cohen are pleased to announce a special live benefit AC2 show at the Dr. Phillips Center for the Performing Arts. All proceeds raised will benefit the OneOrlando Fund ( http://www.oneorlando.org/ ). Cohen, Cooper and the Dr. Phillips Center have joined together to donate services to produce the one-night-only benefit. The OneOrlando Fund was created by Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer to provide a way to help respond to the needs of the community, now and in the time to come. #OrlandoUnited Tickets will go on sale Tuesday, June 21, 2016 at 10 a.m. Tickets start at $55.00 and may be purchased online at drphillipscenter.org , by calling (844) ‪513-2014 or by visiting the Dr. Phillips Center Box Office at 445 S. Magnolia Avenue, Orlando, FL 32801 between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. Monday through Friday, or 12 p.m. and 4 p.m. Saturday. AC2 is an unscripted, unpredictable night of laughs and conversation with Anderson Cooper and Andy Cohen ( http://www.ac2live.com/ ). The show has appeared before sell-out crowds in Boston, Chicago, Miami, Washington DC, Philadelphia, Minneapolis, Orange County, Santa Barbara, Seattle, San Francisco, Oakland, Columbus and Atlanta. Anderson Cooper is the multiple Emmy® Award-winning CNN anchor and correspondent for CBS’ 60 Minutes. He reported extensively from Orlando in the wake of the tragedy and looks forward to raising money for the community, and providing a much needed night of laughter, deep talk, and shallow tales. Andy Cohen is an Emmy® Award-winning host and executive producer of “Watch What Happens Live,” Bravo’s late night, interactive talk show, and is also the executive producer of the wildly popular “Real Housewives” series. Cohen recently spoke at a vigil for the victims of Sunday’s attack in NYC outside the Stonewall Inn. "
7.184182043396506e+17,Fri Apr 08 12:40:22 +0000 2016,"Gloria Vanderbilt relaxing with her family — husband Wyatt Cooper and sons Anderson (left) and Carter — in her NYC apartment in the 1970s. (Jack Robinson/The Condé Nast Publications/Courtesy HBO) PASADENA, Calif. — A few weeks before her 92nd birthday this year, Gloria Vanderbilt got up before dawn in New York and took a car to an airport and boarded a private jet belonging to HBO in order to appear at a press conference out west for a new documentary about her and her son Anderson Cooper, the 48-year-old CNN anchor. (The film, “Nothing Left Unsaid: Gloria Vanderbilt and Anderson Cooper,” airs Saturday.) A few hours later, Vanderbilt and a group of HBO execs would fly right back to New York. “Can you believe it?” she asked, sitting on a hotel sofa on a sunny California afternoon. She was clad in a shiny, saffron-orange tunic and black pants. Her smile was wide and her vowels were stretched. Her hair was coiffed so that it flipped up on the ends, reminiscent of the way she wore it in the late 1970s when she was the queen of her own designer jeans label. “I had never been on a private jet before.” What? Come on, lady — you are Gloria Vanderbilt. Don’t tell us you’ve never flown private. “Truly,” she said. “It changes your whole point of view about travel. No schlepping through airports, no taking off your shoes.” Well, then, you should do it more often. “Oh, believe me, I absolutely agree with you.” Later, her son, by phone from New York, explained how it’s entirely possible to descend from Cornelius Vanderbilt’s astounding 19th-century fortune and yet have some of the modern signs of luxury pass you by. Contradictions abound; one really could have dated Howard Hughes 70-some years ago and still be wowed by a trip on a private plane. Anderson Cooper and his mother Gloria Vanderbilt, 92, walked the red carpet at the New York premiere of the HBO documentary ""Nothing Left Unsaid"" on Monday, April 4. (Reuters) “Her life is not what most people would think,” Cooper said. “I’ve always felt very protective of her. . . . We’re the only family [each other has] left, more or less. I had a lot of anxiety early in my career about people knowing who my mother was or making assumptions about trust funds or my need to even have a job — which would be false assumptions, frankly. Some people knew a lot about my mom, and some people didn’t.” [ Four times Anderson Cooper kicked butt at CNN's town hall ] Cooper himself grew up largely unaware of his mother’s juiciest stories — and was only vaguely aware that as a 9-year-old she was at the center of an intensely watched custody battle between her mother and aunt. It was the height of the Great Depression, and the press dubbed Gloria the “poor little rich girl,” who stood to inherit $3.6 million at a time when many American families were surviving on a few bucks a week. She was hounded by paparazzi. It left a lasting mark. “I’ve always thought of my mom as coming from a time and place that doesn’t exist anymore, like a vanished world,” Cooper says at the beginning of the film. There are very few people alive, he notes, who saw what she saw or remember what she remembers. You don’t have to sit with Vanderbilt for very long to be astonished at the vivid way she can access the past. As a boy, Cooper was once shown a statue near Grand Central Station of his great-great-great-grandfather, who amassed a shipping and railroad empire. For a while after that, he assumed that everyone’s deceased ancestors became statues. Cooper’s father, Wyatt Cooper, was Gloria’s fourth husband. He died at age 50, when Anderson was 10. A decade later, in July 1988, Anderson’s older brother Carter, then 23, jumped to his death off a 14th-floor terrace in the family’s Manhattan apartment. Gloria was on her knees begging him not to do it. Both Anderson Cooper and Gloria Vanderbilt have written and spoken about these losses before, in memoirs and on television. But what they had not done, Cooper began to realize, was talk to each other at length about the past, without restriction. What started as a series of emails between mother and son evolved into the documentary, directed by Liz Garbus, whose recent film about Nina Simone was up for an Oscar. Those emails have also been expanded into an equally fascinating book, “ The Rainbow Comes and Goes: A Mother and Son on Life, Love and Loss ,” which is out this week. “Like the movie title says, I really didn’t want there to be anything left between us unsaid,” Cooper explained. “I wanted to finally ask her everything I wanted to know.” And she answered. At the news conference in front of roomful of TV critics, Vanderbilt and Cooper came across as a lighthearted pair — she sat onstage with Garbus, while his giant image appeared on screens above, beamed in by satellite. He teased her about her “date,” at 17, with Errol Flynn. He played his part of the buttoned-down newsman whose life involves covering terrorist acts and grilling presidential candidates; she’s always been the arty, optimistic dreamer. He’s cautious about intimate details that he considers private; she’ll gladly reveal almost anything. They quibbled, playfully, about the extent of her personal archives and belongings, including the paintings and collages she’s produced for decades and still creates in her studio — a situation he compares to a high-end episode of “Hoarders.” (She’s seen that show and begs to differ.) Vanderbilts or not, what “Nothing Left Unsaid” makes clear is that Cooper and his mother are, on a slightly grander scale, experiencing an essential and often deeply emotional stage between an elderly parent and a middle-aged child: What are we going to do with all this stuff? What memories does it all hold? Keep or toss? Most of all, what does one need to know about a parent, before it’s too late to ask? “To be honest, I’ve been worrying about my mother’s stuff since I was 10,” Cooper said, in a phone interview a few weeks ago. “I worried a lot as a kid. I was like this little Felix Unger. I knew that we were spending money on storage fees and I hated any waste of money.” Today, many of Vanderbilt’s belongings are in the basement of a former firehouse in Manhattan that Cooper bought in 2010 and renovated as his residence. “It’s up to me to go through it all,” Cooper said. One box will produce a trove of letters or other pieces of Vanderbilt family history that will eventually wind up in archives. Another box might contain “a coffeemaker from 1964,” he said, “or cornflakes from 1953 that just got packed up in a move and hadn’t been opened since.” The movie helped the sorting process. Once HBO got involved and persuaded Garbus to direct, Cooper began sending Garbus boxes of family photos, news clippings, film footage, old videotapes and pieces of his mother’s artwork. Vanderbilt’s paintings inspired the look and impressionistic feel of “Nothing Left Unsaid.” In the swirl of the family custody fight in the 1930s, little Gloria made her own set of paper dolls — an idealized world with a mother and father. In the film, those paper dolls come to life as animation. Anderson Cooper and Gloria Vanderbilt attend the premiere of ""Nothing Left Unsaid"" in April. (Charles Sykes/Invision/AP) In reality, her parents took off on an extended vacation almost as soon as Gloria was born, handing her off to her nurse, a German woman who was nicknamed Dodo. Gloria’s alcoholic father, Reginald Vanderbilt, died when she was 15 months old. Her mother, widowed at 21, moved to Paris, bringing baby Gloria and Nurse Dodo along, even though she lived apart from them. Gloria’s earliest memory is of lying in a crib and listening to Dodo and her maternal grandmother whisper and gossip about ways to move little Gloria back to New York, to live with her Vanderbilt relatives. Eventually this plan came to pass. “What’s incredible is thinking about Gloria as a 9-year-old in the heat of this custody [fight],” said Garbus. “She was covered like Lindsay Lohan. There was that level of public interest — the paparazzi were intense. We think about that intense public exposure of children, many people don’t survive that. That’s what makes Gloria so interesting. She’s grown up in palaces, but sometimes that’s just four walls. She’s had this ongoing story of loss and recovery and resilience.” Near the end of the trial, Gloria’s mother had been outed for having a lesbian relationship, which essentially cost her a victory in the case. (This fact particularly fascinates Cooper, who was in his early 20s when he told his mother he’s gay but did not come out publicly until 2012.) Gloria’s aunt, Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney, eventually won custody and raised Gloria through most of her adolescence. Not long after a summer trip to visit her mother in California in 1941, teenage Gloria married 32-year-old Pasquale diCicco, a Hollywood agent whose first wife had died mysteriously. “Wait a minute,” Cooper interrupts his mother as she’s telling the story in the documentary. “You got married to a guy where there were rumors he had killed his former wife?!” “Sweetheart, I was only 17,” Vanderbilt replies. DiCicco was abusive, and she left him. Not long after, at 21, she married the legendary conductor Leopold Stokowski, who was more than 40 years her senior. They had two sons, Stanislaus and Christopher. (Stan Stokowski appears in “Nothing Left Unsaid”; Chris Stokowski has not spoken to his mother in decades.) She broke it off with Stokowski in 1955 and married film director Sidney Lumet. When that ended, she married Wyatt Cooper, an author and screenwriter, in 1963. It’s easy to see how Anderson Cooper, who was born when his mother was 43, feels he’s missed a great deal of her personal history. In her marriage to Wyatt, Gloria seemed determined to start fresh. She began a fabric-design business, which led to her famous foray into jeans, which led to trendy appearances on talk shows — she even did an episode of “The Love Boat.” She was everywhere on the tube, while at home she had finally achieved an upper-class version of the white-picket fence and simple family life she’d always craved. She was happy to let Carter and Anderson make trips with their father to his home state of Mississippi, where relatives were plenty and the family lore was all about someone else. “There was so much that had happened to me,” Vanderbilt said about her past and why Anderson grew up knowing little of it. “So much that was so complicated to even try to define it or explain it. So it just didn’t come up.” Garbus managed to capture Cooper and Vanderbilt at an almost sublime moment in their relationship, when the information exchange between a mother and son takes on elements of time travel, philosophy and a final sense of where things stand. Both have spent their lives imagining that their late fathers each left behind a letter, addressed only to them, explaining everything and reassuring them of a father’s love. The letters never came, though Vanderbilt insists hers may yet miraculously arrive, after nearly a century of waiting. Near the end of “Nothing Left Unsaid,” before the two take a car ride out to the cemetery where Wyatt and Carter are buried alongside each other, Cooper speaks of a “faraway look” that he sees in his mother’s eyes — now and also in old photographs. He tears up trying to describe her life of longing and forging ahead. For all that has been said between them, there are still feelings that are impossible to describe. “Willa Cather said, ‘The heart of another is a dark forest,’ ” Vanderbilt said. “You never really know anybody — really — but after this, Anderson and I have come as close as I think we can.” Nothing Left Unsaid: Gloria Vanderbilt and Anderson Cooper (108 minutes) airs Saturday at 9 p.m. on HBO, with encores. "
7.180658619118346e+17,Thu Apr 07 13:20:17 +0000 2016,"NEW YORK — The morning after moderating a CNN town hall meeting in Milwaukee with Republican presidential contenders Donald Trump, Ted Cruz and John Kasich, Anderson Cooper is sitting in his mother's home art studio, insisting, ""She has a much more interesting life."" Pressed, Cooper, 48, notes that Gloria Vanderbilt  —  seated beside him, smiling, on a sofa overlooking a fancifully decorated fireplace — ""was dating Errol Flynn at 17, and (later) Marlon Brando and Howard Hughes and Frank Sinatra. Compared to my mom, I've led a pretty tame existence."" Vanderbilt's journey is traced in  The Rainbow Comes and Goes: A Mother and Son on Life, Loss And Love  (Harper, on sale Tuesday), a correspondence between Cooper and Vanderbilt, 92, in which Vanderbilt shares details of her storied life. The book began taking shape as a series of emails while planning the new documentary  Nothing Left Unsaid: Gloria Vanderbilt and Anderson Cooper , which premieres on HBO April 9 at 9 p.m. ET/PT.   (Photo: Harper) Rainbow  offers Vanderbilt's account of the custody trial she endured as ""Little Gloria"" in the 1930s, and of the glamorous, elusive mother who lost the case but has haunted Vanderbilt through her life. The co-author details her later struggles and triumphs, including four marriages and ventures into art, acting and, of course, fashion, with her designer jeans line in the '70s. Vanderbilt also recounts the suicide of Anderson's older brother, Carter, when he was 23 and Anderson was 21. ""I love to talk about Carter, because for me, it brings him alive again,"" says Vanderbilt, who has two other sons from an earlier marriage. ""People talk about 'bringing closure,' but in my opinion, there's never closure."" Cooper nods. ""It's a terrible word. There's no such thing."" His approach to dealing with loss, however, is different from his mom's. After Cooper's father, writer Wyatt Cooper, died when Anderson was 10, ""I became more introverted, more interested in planning and preparing for the next catastrophe, basically, which I always think is right around the corner. My mom believes the next great opportunity is always around the corner."" It's ""not a coincidence,"" Cooper says, that his chosen profession has taken him to disaster zones and areas of conflict. Vanderbilt quips, ""I could never ask Anderson — though I'm dying to — what he thinks of you-know-who. T-R-U-M-P. Or any news thing at all."" Turning to her son, Vanderbilt says, ""Because you're absolutely, professionally reticent."" Vanderbilt is less so. In  Rainbow , she writes that Hughes was the first lover with whom ""I didn't have to fake an orgasm."" She also recalls the horror of having the sexuality of her mother, Gloria Morgan Vanderbilt — widowed by her much-older railroad-heir husband only 18 months after the younger Gloria was born — questioned in court.   (Photo: HBO) ""My mother was bisexual, and she was accused of being a lesbian,"" Vanderbilt says. ""That terrified me, because at the time it was considered a crime, a sin, and I thought I might have inherited it — though I had no idea what it was."" That changed, of course. Cooper, who came out to his mother while in college (he told friends in high school), notes, ""My mom had tons of gay friends; I grew up surrounded by gay people."" Vanderbilt, who raised eyebrows when she told People magazine she had a “brief lesbian relationship” with a girl at school when she was 13, muses, ""I have often wished I was a lesbian. Because I understand women, and trust them. Men are still a mystery to me."" Cooper chuckles at this. ""Men are so not mysterious,"" he says, gently adding, ""You project things onto them that aren't there."" His mother admits that, for better or worse, she remains a romantic. ""I'm always in love,"" Vanderbilt says. ""If it's not a person, it's a flower or a sunset. Love is all."" Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1RTVI85 "
7.16952720394072e+17,Mon Apr 04 11:37:03 +0000 2016,"When a mother and son trade confidences, it doesn't necessarily attract the attention of the outside world. Unless the mother is Gloria Vanderbilt, and her son is Anderson Cooper. They've been sharing their family album with Rita Braver: She was born into one of America's wealthiest families, and from the beginning the world was fascinated by the trials, travails and adventures of glamorous Gloria Vanderbilt ... her sensationalized childhood ... her careers as an actress, artist and jeans designer. ""Did you always have a sense that the whole world seemed to be watching everything you did?"" Braver asked. ""Never,"" Vanderbilt replied. ""I still don't. I really do never read anything about myself. I do look at the picture, though, 'cause I'm very vain I guess! 'Vanity of vanities, all is vanity!'"" Her son, 48-year-old CNN anchor and ""60 Minutes"" correspondent Anderson Cooper said, ""I just think the public perception of her is very different than the person I actually knew. She's 92 now, she's been making headlines from the time she was born. And I kind of wanted to reveal the person that I know, and the person that she really is."" But Cooper realized there were many things that neither of them actually knew about the other. ""We decided, on her 91st birthday, to change the conversation that we have and the way we talk to each other,"" he said. According to Vanderbilt, it was all done by email. ""I think we're both at a place where both of us didn't want to leave anything unsaid,"" Cooper added. Now those emails are being released in a new book, ""The Rainbow Comes and Goes: A Mother and Son on Life, Love, and Loss"" (HarperCollins), along with an HBO documentary, ""Nothing Left Unsaid,"" which debuts this coming Saturday. Both explore the loving and occasionally bickering relationship between mother and son. Take Gloria's last-minute tendency to invite guests to dinner at Anderson's Manhattan house. ""Well, I haven't done it that much, honey,"" she said. ""No, it was just that Thanksgiving,"" he said. ""One of the ways that we're different is that, my mom is incredibly creative, but she's not a planner. I plan everything, so I have this deep worry line 'cause at night I sit there churning when I can't sleep."" ""And I plan one moment to the next,"" admitted Vanderbilt. ""Which drives me bananas."" It's been a revealing experience for both of them. Braver said, ""Some of this was precipitated by the fact that you've been going through your mom's stuff, and you have a lot of questions about why she kept certain things and what things meant?"" ""I'd find letters from Howard Hughes to my mom, or Leopold Stokowski, the famous conductor who my mom was married to, and I started asking her about it."" Why did Vanderbilt save those things? ""I believe everybody should, because it gives you a frame of reference. And it gives me a sense of knowing who I was then, who I became, who I am now. It gives one a sense of time, and a sense of one's own history, so to speak."" Accompanied by a bodyguard, a nurse, and a chauffeur, Gloria Vanderbilt enters the home of her mother, Gloria Morgan Vanderbilt, in Manhattan, April 22, 1935, for a Easter weekend visit. The 11-year-old heiress to a $4,000,000 fortune was the subject of a fierce custody battle between her mother and her paternal aunt, Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney, who was granted legal guardianship. AP Photo And what a history! Her father, Reginald Vanderbilt, whose family forged a shipping and railroad empire, died in 1925, when Gloria was just a toddler. At ten, she was dubbed ""The Poor Little Rich Girl,"" when her aunt fought her mother for custody, and WON -- in part, because it was alleged that Gloria's mother had been in a lesbian relationship. ""I had never heard the word 'lesbian,'"" Vanderbilt said. ""I didn't know what it meant. And I became terrified that I would, too, become like that, because it was then considered something that was a sin and a crime and something that was very terrible, you know?"" Cooper had his own secrets, holding off on telling his mother that he was gay until he was out of college. ""Yeah, I mean, I came out in high school to my friends,"" Cooper said. ""And part of if it, in the back of my mind, was that I had heard that my grandmother had been accused of being a lesbian. And I'd known that as a child it had affected my mom. But I also knew that deep down my mom would be fine with it, because she had gay friends who were always in our house growing up."" Gloria Vanderbilt with Frank Sinatra in New York City, Dec. 31, 1954. AP/John Rooney Indeed, it WAS fine. And in the spirit of ""nothing should be left unsaid,"" in this exchange in the book the two even delve into that most PRIVATE of personal experiences: ""Perhaps the only thing more embarrassing than hearing about your sex life was discovering it was more interesting than my own,"" Cooper said to Vanderbilt in one of the book's passages. ""Well, I do think it's important have a sense of humor about sex,"" she replied. ""Sometimes unable to sleep, I count lovers instead of sheep."" And there were plenty, including Frank Sinatra. But it was Wyatt Cooper, Vanderbilt's fourth and last husband -- and father of Anderson and his brother, Carter -- whom Vanderbilt considers the love of her life. He was a writer, editor and former actor. They met at a dinner party: ""And I just knew we were going to be very important to each other,"" she said. Carter Cooper, Wyatt Cooper, Anderson Cooper and Gloria Vanderbilt in 1972, as photographed by Jack Robinson for Vogue. HBO But the Cooper family was shattered when Wyatt died of heart disease in 1978 at age 50. ""For me, it certainly changed who I was,"" Anderson said. ""I think the person I was before was a lot more interesting and outgoing. I became probably much more introverted, and very concerned about what catastrophe was going to happen next. And it made me much more of an adult."" Carter and Anderson Cooper in 1974. HBO The most dramatic scenes in the documentary come during a visit to the graves of Wyatt and Carter Cooper, Gloria's son and Anderson's older brother, who died in 1988 by jumping from a balcony, while his mother pleaded with him not to do it. ""I love to talk about him,"" she said. ""It brings him alive, it brings him close. It helps me sort of share how I felt about him, feel about him."" HarperCollins And Gloria Vanderbilt and Anderson Cooper say they made a deliberate decision to share these surprisingly intimate moments with the whole world. ""If I'm asking people to tell me their story, I feel like I should tell part of my story,"" he said, ""and to the extent that it encourages other people to change the relationship they have, particularly with an aging parent, I think then, why not?"" Braver said to Vanderbilt, ""You made no bones in either the documentary or the [book] about the fact that you realize you're coming to the final stages of your life."" ""Yes,"" she said. ""But not necessarily."" ""Meaning what? What's going through your mind now at this time of your life?"" ""Well, I think something wonderful is going to happen -- maybe tomorrow? And I like to think maybe sooner!"" Anderson added, ""Yeah, my mom is the most sort of youthful and optimistic person I know. She still believes there's like a guy waiting on a boat in the south of France ..."" ""A yacht!"" Gloria interjected. ""A yacht! For her, or just around the corner there's gonna be some incredible new experience, and she makes me believe it as well."" EXCERPT: ""The Rainbow Comes and Goes"" - Read the introduction from Gloria Vanderbilt and Anderson Cooper's touching mother-and-son memoir. For more info: "
7.166434645956731e+17,Sun Apr 03 15:08:11 +0000 2016,"Sometimes imagines himself as the Thomas Cromwell to his mother’s Henry VIII, the voice of reason — the tether — to her buoyant impulsiveness. And sometimes he pictures Gloria Vanderbilt, who has been in the public eye since her birth 92 years ago, as an emissary from a distant star, marooned on this planet and trying to make sense of it all. “I always viewed my role as helping her navigate this time and place,” Mr. Cooper said recently. But in the documentary of her life, “Nothing Left Unsaid,” airing on HBO on April 9, with Mr. Cooper as his mother’s interlocutor, and in the epistolary memoir the two have made together, “ The Rainbow Comes and Goes : A Mother and Son on Life, Love, and Loss,” out Tuesday from Harper, what instead unfurls is the ways in which this family of two has survived unthinkable losses. There was the death of his father when Mr. Cooper was just 10, and the suicide of his brother, Carter, at 23, a decade later, as Ms. Vanderbilt watched her son’s hands slip from the terrace of their apartment on Gracie Square. In that same decade, Ms. Vanderbilt would make a fortune to rival that of her forebear, Cornelius Vanderbilt, from bluejeans emblazoned with her name, and then lose it all when her psychiatrist and lawyer colluded to defraud her of her many lucrative licenses. (It was Bill Blass who came to the rescue, writing her a check for a quarter of a million dollars.) And yet, Mr. Cooper said, “She has this enduring optimism and this sense that the next great love or the next great adventure is just around the corner, and she’s about to embark on it.” The other day, Ms. Vanderbilt brandished her familiar u-shaped grin and her Old World accent, padding about her jewel-box Beekman Place apartment in bare feet. (Later, she would slip on a pair of gold sneakers to give a tour of her artist’s studio one floor below.) “The phone can ring, and your life can change in a blink,” she said, emphasizing that last word and concurring with her son’s assessment of her nature. “I also believe you sort of attract what you want, what you’re looking for, and I think that one must always be in love. To be in love with a person is of course ideal, but you can be in love with a flower, a tree, an idea. Just waking up in the morning, you know. It’s an attitude, an attitude of romantic readiness,” she concluded firmly, quoting F. Scott Fitzgerald. “We have to have that.” Ms. Vanderbilt, whose father died when she was 15 months old, has been making headlines since her birth. In 1934, the tabloids called her “The Poor Little Rich Girl.” That was the year of the bitter custody battle between her aunt, Gertrude Whitney, and her beautiful, too young, hapless mother, Gloria Morgan Vanderbilt, who loved parties and the allowance that accrued to her from her daughter’s trust fund. She made headlines, too, for her storied romances — to Howard Hughes and Frank Sinatra, among many others — and her four marriages, the first, when she was just 17, to an abusive Hollywood agent rumored to have murdered his first wife. Ms. Vanderbilt largely raised herself, a kind of emotional orphan careening from marriage to marriage before finding happiness with Wyatt Cooper, Mr. Cooper’s father, a screenwriter and actor from Mississippi. “Wait a minute,” Mr. Cooper writes in “The Rainbow Comes and Goes” of his mother’s first marriage. “You started dating a guy who was a gambler and rumored to have killed someone? That’s not usually the kind of information put in their Tinder bio to attract dates. Didn’t you think that was somebody you should probably stay away from?” Recalling that exchange, Ms. Vanderbilt said: “Of course, you always think you can fix things. You always think you’re the one who can.” Ms. Vanderbilt has been hashing out her story in all mediums for most of her life. In her glittering collages, faux naïf paintings and her signature “dream boxes,” there are fatherless figures, distant mothers and recurring images of Ms. Vanderbilt’s beloved nanny, Dodo, who gave her the love and constancy she craved. In many of her eight books, a body of work that includes four memoirs, a book of poetry and an erotic novel , published when she was 85 (and which Mr. Cooper, stretching the limits of filial devotion, read in galleys), she continued that interrogation. Of the erotic novel, “Obsession,” she said: “That was so much fun. It was almost as if somebody else wrote it and it just sort of fell on the page. When I recorded the audiobook, though, I thought: ‘What have I done? Poor Anderson!’” Clearly, Mr. Cooper’s inheritance from his mother isn’t tragedy and it isn’t money, as he and his brother were taught at a young age there was no pot of gold for them — though he and she share the same steely work ethic — it’s resilience, made springier by a sense of humor. Both the documentary, directed by Liz Garbus, and the memoir, which is a series of emails between mother and son, have Mr. Cooper investigating the emotional landscape of his mother’s life, and in so doing examining his own. They were a year into the documentary when Ms. Vanderbilt fell ill with a serious respiratory infection. She didn’t tell her son just how serious it was, and he left town on an assignment, never learning until his return that she’d been hospitalized. He was deeply rattled, and rued his reflexive impulse to put his work first and view any intrusion as an inconvenience. On her 91st birthday, they began “a new kind of conversation,” as he writes, by email, which Ms. Vanderbilt takes up with characteristic enthusiasm. It is a remarkably frank and tender undertaking. In one exchange, Ms. Vanderbilt recalled her son coming out to her when he was 21, and being stricken with guilt about a derogatory comment she’d once made, that she would feel she had failed as a parent if her child was gay. As it happened, Mr. Cooper had no memory of the incident; instead, he recalled only the positive way she’d described a gay couple when he was growing up. “I rejoice that you’re gay,” she writes her son. “She rejoices in everything I do,” Mr. Cooper said. “I was talking to Andy Cohen ” — the TV and radio host — “and his mother is a tougher critic. She’ll say to him, ‘Hmm, not your best show.’ But my mom is very much a cheering section. I can do no wrong. It’s always been that way. If I told her I wanted to dye my hair blue, she’d be happy. You couldn’t rebel against her. There is nothing you could do that a) she hadn’t already done, and b) she wouldn’t be fine with.” Both Mr. Cooper and Ms. Vanderbilt impose order on their lives through their work. Ms. Vanderbilt’s environments have long been as much a canvas as her actual paintings. “It was interesting to hear her talk about it,” Mr. Cooper said. “To hear her cop to it. If only you can change the color of the walls, everything will be O.K. But once that’s done, it feels O.K. for a day or a week, and then she realizes the carpet needs to be redone or she has to move.” Decorating is autobiography, Ms. Vanderbilt likes to say. “Of course, everything is autobiography,” she added. Throughout the decades, Ms. Vanderbilt’s fantastical interiors — rooms layered from floor to ceiling in gingham or antique quilts — settings as intricate as her artwork, have showed up in Vogue, House & Garden, W, Life and Vanity Fair. The Beekman Place apartment is like something out of “The Arabian Nights.” Its walls are painted in shades of pink, trimmed with glossy black. There are Russian icons, swoops of fabric, Ms. Vanderbilt’s idiosyncratic and lovely artwork and many portraits of Ms. Vanderbilt and her family. You can count the Ninas in cartoons of Ms. Vanderbilt by Al Hirschfeld. There’s a full-length Sargent-style painting of Ms. Vanderbilt by Aaron Shikler, and another of her mother painted the year before Ms. Vanderbilt’s birth, looking pensive and sad. There are photographs of Carter and Anderson by Diane Arbus. “I’ve been told by critics that my photograph resembles a Roman death mask,” Mr. Cooper said of his baby photo. It does. The innards of an antique desk are painted in red and white stripes, a backdrop for a dancing antique figure and a glittery peacock. In her bedroom, an enormous quartz crystal sits like a baby meteor in the fireplace, the mantel of which Ms. Vanderbilt has painted with stars and emblems and mottos, like one paraphrasing Albert Einstein: “The distance between past, present and future is only an illusion, however persistent.” “It’s one of the great wonderlands,” Wendy Goodman, design editor of New York magazine, said of the apartment. Ms. Goodman collected many of Ms. Vanderbilt’s interiors in her 2010 book, “ The World of Gloria Vanderbilt .” “It’s a constant laboratory for her. She’s always repainting and redecorating. It’s like a tonic for her.” Ms. Vanderbilt’s enthusiasms can sometimes run amok, said her son, recalling dinner parties that grew from a few guests to more than 30, and shifting from her apartment to his at the last minute. “Things can snowball,” he said. “Or she won’t show up.” There was the year he and a partner were spending Thanksgiving on Long Island, and his mother promised to come and bring the bird. On the day, her car arrived without her, though she had a sent the turkey. “It was precooked,” Mr. Cooper said, “which I appreciated.” Mr. Cooper’s own nature is signified by a profound wariness and a strong belief that disaster is always around the corner. He sees himself not just as a realist, but as a catastrophist. “I always wanted there to be a plan,” he said. “And with my mother, there wasn’t one. It’s why I needed to get a job as soon as possible.” (Mr. Cooper has been working since his father’s death, when he became a child model, not because he yearned to be in front of a camera, but because modeling was a profession that offered a substantial paycheck to underage laborers.) Mr. Cooper described a trip to Studio 54 when Ms. Vanderbilt was again dating Sidney Lumet (who had also been — stay with me here — husband No. 3) after Mr. Cooper’s father’s death. The event was a premiere for Mr. Lumet’s movie “The Wiz,” and Mr. Cooper, who was 10 at the time, recalled riding in a limousine with Michael Jackson. “I remember people chasing the car, which I thought was kind of funny,” he said. “I remember watching him dance, and I actually remember turning to someone — this is going to sound insane — and saying: ‘He’s really good at this. He should pursue it.’ I was always concerned about people’s financial viability and career choices. I would always ask people how they could support themselves.” Mother and son concluded their emails to each other just before Ms. Vanderbilt’s 92nd birthday in February. Mr. Cooper asks how she’s feeling about death, while noting that her funeral plans have always been very detailed. Ms. Vanderbilt does share a few of her instructions: If in a church, how about St. James’? If an open coffin, she’d like to be dressed in a Fortuny gown; Mr. Cooper can pick the color, and they are in the cedar closet in her apartment. Do not have the funeral cosmeticians do her face. Please ask Judy Collins to sing “Amazing Grace.” And as is her way, she cheers for her son, exhorting him to put aside his pessimism. “Excelsior!” she writes. For her part, Ms. Vanderbilt is sanguine about her own mortality. She quotes Woody Allen, who was once asked whether he’d like to live on in the hearts of people after his death and replied, “I would prefer to live on in my apartment.” "
7.148808469231862e+17,Tue Mar 29 18:24:10 +0000 2016,"Critical Praise “Intriguing… an ideal Mother’s/Father’s Day gift, with the opening, ‘Let’s get to know each other better’…Affectionate, heartfelt, inspirational, and sometimes hilarious, the book’s message is that it is never too late to cultivate a new relationship with your family and break down those walls of silence.” — Bay Area Reporter “A beautiful book that will resonate for all generations, especially mothers and their sons . . . riveting, touching, dishy, funny, and surprising.” — Andy Cohen “Fascinating, forthright, philosophical, and inspiring, these mother-and-son musings on family, life, death, forgiveness, fame, and perseverance are at once uniquely personal and deeply human.” — Booklist (starred review) “[A] touching story. . . . Through greater openness, Cooper and Vanderbilt achieve a new closeness, demonstrating in this intimate and lively read that it’s never too late to have a rich relationship with family.” — Publishers Weekly “A layered mix of reminiscences, heart-rending revelations and apologia, all captured with unsparing candor. . . . Rainbows may in fact come and go, but this revealing take on the forces that shaped two dynamic lives promises to have real staying power.” — AARP Magazine “A remarkably frank and tender undertaking.” — New York Times “Meaningful, revealing...” — Wall Street Journal “This is a book like no other I have ever read…if any two people have lived through way more than their share of crises, singly and collectively, it is Anderson Cooper and Gloria Vanderbilt. Their brave engagement with what they confront so staunchly in this extraordinary dialogue leaves me quite simply awestruck.” — Washington Times “Memoir readers (and Hollywood fans) will appreciate this book, especially those interested in relationships between mothers and sons. A perfect Mother’s Day read.” — Library Journal “Entertaining and thoughtful moments exchanged between a mother and son who have spent much of their lives in the spotlight.” — Kirkus “Through greater openness, Cooper and Vanderbilt achieve a new closeness, demonstrating in this intimate and lively read that it’s never too late to have a rich relationship with family.” — Publishers Weekly "
7.126533164220498e+17,Wed Mar 23 14:52:45 +0000 2016,"Critical Praise “Intriguing… an ideal Mother’s/Father’s Day gift, with the opening, ‘Let’s get to know each other better’…Affectionate, heartfelt, inspirational, and sometimes hilarious, the book’s message is that it is never too late to cultivate a new relationship with your family and break down those walls of silence.” — Bay Area Reporter “A beautiful book that will resonate for all generations, especially mothers and their sons . . . riveting, touching, dishy, funny, and surprising.” — Andy Cohen “Fascinating, forthright, philosophical, and inspiring, these mother-and-son musings on family, life, death, forgiveness, fame, and perseverance are at once uniquely personal and deeply human.” — Booklist (starred review) “[A] touching story. . . . Through greater openness, Cooper and Vanderbilt achieve a new closeness, demonstrating in this intimate and lively read that it’s never too late to have a rich relationship with family.” — Publishers Weekly “A layered mix of reminiscences, heart-rending revelations and apologia, all captured with unsparing candor. . . . Rainbows may in fact come and go, but this revealing take on the forces that shaped two dynamic lives promises to have real staying power.” — AARP Magazine “A remarkably frank and tender undertaking.” — New York Times “Meaningful, revealing...” — Wall Street Journal “This is a book like no other I have ever read…if any two people have lived through way more than their share of crises, singly and collectively, it is Anderson Cooper and Gloria Vanderbilt. Their brave engagement with what they confront so staunchly in this extraordinary dialogue leaves me quite simply awestruck.” — Washington Times “Memoir readers (and Hollywood fans) will appreciate this book, especially those interested in relationships between mothers and sons. A perfect Mother’s Day read.” — Library Journal “Entertaining and thoughtful moments exchanged between a mother and son who have spent much of their lives in the spotlight.” — Kirkus “Through greater openness, Cooper and Vanderbilt achieve a new closeness, demonstrating in this intimate and lively read that it’s never too late to have a rich relationship with family.” — Publishers Weekly "
7.108671465831875e+17,Fri Mar 18 16:35:09 +0000 2016,"Gloria Vanderbilt has been in the public eye for longer than practically anyone in the world. The heiress, artist, designer, philanthropist and beloved raconteur is now 92 years old — though you’d hardly think so from looking at or listening to her. That’s a point made by her fourth and youngest son, CNN journalist Anderson Cooper, in the documentary Nothing Left Unsaid: Gloria Vanderbilt and Anderson Cooper . Watch the exclusive trailer for the new film, above. “She has this drive,” Cooper says in the trailer, “and that drive makes it impossible to have a calm existence.” As chronicled with care and imagination in the new HBO film by Oscar-nominated director Liz Garbus ( What Happened, Miss Simone? ), Vanderbilt was born into one of America’s richest and most powerful families. In 1934, at the age of 10, she was the subject of a highly publicized child custody trial, and she later went on to gain much attention for her modeling and acting — and her affairs (with Frank Sinatra, among others) and four marriages. Her husbands included Fantastia composer Leopold Stokowski (he was 63; she was 20), famed director Sidney Lumet, and writer Wyatt Cooper, father of Anderson. “Me and my dad, we always used to go down to see his family in Mississippi,” Cooper tells EW. “So I felt more connection there, much more to the Cooper side than the Vanderbilt side.” The documentary, which features sparkling archival footage as well as many contemporary scenes of mother and son in lively conversation, is an attempt by Cooper to explore his Vanderbilt side — via his mother’s extraordinary life — and to ask his mother anything he’s ever wanted to know, including about the tragedies of her life. (The film reaches a haunting apotheosis in its last third, which focuses on the 1988 suicide of Cooper’s older brother.) Dredging up the past is not something that frightens Vanderbilt, though perhaps it once did. In fact, she wholeheartedly endorses the talking cure. “I hope the film might encourage people to communicate with the ones they love,” she tells EW. “And to do it without getting too sidetracked by anger or fear, but to really feel safe and open so that you’re not blocked. I think that may take time and age, but the sooner you can do it the better. It’s life changing and changes the way you see the world.” Nothing Left Unsaid: Gloria Vanderbilt and Anderson Cooper premieres on HBO on April 9. (It also will air on Cooper’s home turf, CNN, on April 29.) And Vanderbilt and Cooper have a book of epistolary emails, called The Rainbow Comes and Goes , which is being released by HarperCollins on April 5. "
7.098368364793528e+17,Tue Mar 15 20:21:04 +0000 2016,"Critical Praise “Intriguing… an ideal Mother’s/Father’s Day gift, with the opening, ‘Let’s get to know each other better’…Affectionate, heartfelt, inspirational, and sometimes hilarious, the book’s message is that it is never too late to cultivate a new relationship with your family and break down those walls of silence.” — Bay Area Reporter “A beautiful book that will resonate for all generations, especially mothers and their sons . . . riveting, touching, dishy, funny, and surprising.” — Andy Cohen “Fascinating, forthright, philosophical, and inspiring, these mother-and-son musings on family, life, death, forgiveness, fame, and perseverance are at once uniquely personal and deeply human.” — Booklist (starred review) “[A] touching story. . . . Through greater openness, Cooper and Vanderbilt achieve a new closeness, demonstrating in this intimate and lively read that it’s never too late to have a rich relationship with family.” — Publishers Weekly “A layered mix of reminiscences, heart-rending revelations and apologia, all captured with unsparing candor. . . . Rainbows may in fact come and go, but this revealing take on the forces that shaped two dynamic lives promises to have real staying power.” — AARP Magazine “A remarkably frank and tender undertaking.” — New York Times “Meaningful, revealing...” — Wall Street Journal “This is a book like no other I have ever read…if any two people have lived through way more than their share of crises, singly and collectively, it is Anderson Cooper and Gloria Vanderbilt. Their brave engagement with what they confront so staunchly in this extraordinary dialogue leaves me quite simply awestruck.” — Washington Times “Memoir readers (and Hollywood fans) will appreciate this book, especially those interested in relationships between mothers and sons. A perfect Mother’s Day read.” — Library Journal “Entertaining and thoughtful moments exchanged between a mother and son who have spent much of their lives in the spotlight.” — Kirkus “Through greater openness, Cooper and Vanderbilt achieve a new closeness, demonstrating in this intimate and lively read that it’s never too late to have a rich relationship with family.” — Publishers Weekly "
7.076349538450842e+17,Wed Mar 09 18:31:34 +0000 2016,"Critical Praise “Intriguing… an ideal Mother’s/Father’s Day gift, with the opening, ‘Let’s get to know each other better’…Affectionate, heartfelt, inspirational, and sometimes hilarious, the book’s message is that it is never too late to cultivate a new relationship with your family and break down those walls of silence.” — Bay Area Reporter “A beautiful book that will resonate for all generations, especially mothers and their sons . . . riveting, touching, dishy, funny, and surprising.” — Andy Cohen “Fascinating, forthright, philosophical, and inspiring, these mother-and-son musings on family, life, death, forgiveness, fame, and perseverance are at once uniquely personal and deeply human.” — Booklist (starred review) “[A] touching story. . . . Through greater openness, Cooper and Vanderbilt achieve a new closeness, demonstrating in this intimate and lively read that it’s never too late to have a rich relationship with family.” — Publishers Weekly “A layered mix of reminiscences, heart-rending revelations and apologia, all captured with unsparing candor. . . . Rainbows may in fact come and go, but this revealing take on the forces that shaped two dynamic lives promises to have real staying power.” — AARP Magazine “A remarkably frank and tender undertaking.” — New York Times “Meaningful, revealing...” — Wall Street Journal “This is a book like no other I have ever read…if any two people have lived through way more than their share of crises, singly and collectively, it is Anderson Cooper and Gloria Vanderbilt. Their brave engagement with what they confront so staunchly in this extraordinary dialogue leaves me quite simply awestruck.” — Washington Times “Memoir readers (and Hollywood fans) will appreciate this book, especially those interested in relationships between mothers and sons. A perfect Mother’s Day read.” — Library Journal “Entertaining and thoughtful moments exchanged between a mother and son who have spent much of their lives in the spotlight.” — Kirkus “Through greater openness, Cooper and Vanderbilt achieve a new closeness, demonstrating in this intimate and lively read that it’s never too late to have a rich relationship with family.” — Publishers Weekly "
7.047810002414879e+17,Tue Mar 01 21:30:59 +0000 2016,"Critical Praise “Intriguing… an ideal Mother’s/Father’s Day gift, with the opening, ‘Let’s get to know each other better’…Affectionate, heartfelt, inspirational, and sometimes hilarious, the book’s message is that it is never too late to cultivate a new relationship with your family and break down those walls of silence.” — Bay Area Reporter “A beautiful book that will resonate for all generations, especially mothers and their sons . . . riveting, touching, dishy, funny, and surprising.” — Andy Cohen “Fascinating, forthright, philosophical, and inspiring, these mother-and-son musings on family, life, death, forgiveness, fame, and perseverance are at once uniquely personal and deeply human.” — Booklist (starred review) “[A] touching story. . . . Through greater openness, Cooper and Vanderbilt achieve a new closeness, demonstrating in this intimate and lively read that it’s never too late to have a rich relationship with family.” — Publishers Weekly “A layered mix of reminiscences, heart-rending revelations and apologia, all captured with unsparing candor. . . . Rainbows may in fact come and go, but this revealing take on the forces that shaped two dynamic lives promises to have real staying power.” — AARP Magazine “A remarkably frank and tender undertaking.” — New York Times “Meaningful, revealing...” — Wall Street Journal “This is a book like no other I have ever read…if any two people have lived through way more than their share of crises, singly and collectively, it is Anderson Cooper and Gloria Vanderbilt. Their brave engagement with what they confront so staunchly in this extraordinary dialogue leaves me quite simply awestruck.” — Washington Times “Memoir readers (and Hollywood fans) will appreciate this book, especially those interested in relationships between mothers and sons. A perfect Mother’s Day read.” — Library Journal “Entertaining and thoughtful moments exchanged between a mother and son who have spent much of their lives in the spotlight.” — Kirkus “Through greater openness, Cooper and Vanderbilt achieve a new closeness, demonstrating in this intimate and lively read that it’s never too late to have a rich relationship with family.” — Publishers Weekly "
7.018038477239091e+17,Mon Feb 22 16:20:50 +0000 2016,"Critical Praise “Intriguing… an ideal Mother’s/Father’s Day gift, with the opening, ‘Let’s get to know each other better’…Affectionate, heartfelt, inspirational, and sometimes hilarious, the book’s message is that it is never too late to cultivate a new relationship with your family and break down those walls of silence.” — Bay Area Reporter “A beautiful book that will resonate for all generations, especially mothers and their sons . . . riveting, touching, dishy, funny, and surprising.” — Andy Cohen “Fascinating, forthright, philosophical, and inspiring, these mother-and-son musings on family, life, death, forgiveness, fame, and perseverance are at once uniquely personal and deeply human.” — Booklist (starred review) “[A] touching story. . . . Through greater openness, Cooper and Vanderbilt achieve a new closeness, demonstrating in this intimate and lively read that it’s never too late to have a rich relationship with family.” — Publishers Weekly “A layered mix of reminiscences, heart-rending revelations and apologia, all captured with unsparing candor. . . . Rainbows may in fact come and go, but this revealing take on the forces that shaped two dynamic lives promises to have real staying power.” — AARP Magazine “A remarkably frank and tender undertaking.” — New York Times “Meaningful, revealing...” — Wall Street Journal “This is a book like no other I have ever read…if any two people have lived through way more than their share of crises, singly and collectively, it is Anderson Cooper and Gloria Vanderbilt. Their brave engagement with what they confront so staunchly in this extraordinary dialogue leaves me quite simply awestruck.” — Washington Times “Memoir readers (and Hollywood fans) will appreciate this book, especially those interested in relationships between mothers and sons. A perfect Mother’s Day read.” — Library Journal “Entertaining and thoughtful moments exchanged between a mother and son who have spent much of their lives in the spotlight.” — Kirkus “Through greater openness, Cooper and Vanderbilt achieve a new closeness, demonstrating in this intimate and lively read that it’s never too late to have a rich relationship with family.” — Publishers Weekly "
7.017877111585587e+17,Mon Feb 22 15:16:43 +0000 2016,"Critical Praise “Intriguing… an ideal Mother’s/Father’s Day gift, with the opening, ‘Let’s get to know each other better’…Affectionate, heartfelt, inspirational, and sometimes hilarious, the book’s message is that it is never too late to cultivate a new relationship with your family and break down those walls of silence.” — Bay Area Reporter “A beautiful book that will resonate for all generations, especially mothers and their sons . . . riveting, touching, dishy, funny, and surprising.” — Andy Cohen “Fascinating, forthright, philosophical, and inspiring, these mother-and-son musings on family, life, death, forgiveness, fame, and perseverance are at once uniquely personal and deeply human.” — Booklist (starred review) “[A] touching story. . . . Through greater openness, Cooper and Vanderbilt achieve a new closeness, demonstrating in this intimate and lively read that it’s never too late to have a rich relationship with family.” — Publishers Weekly “A layered mix of reminiscences, heart-rending revelations and apologia, all captured with unsparing candor. . . . Rainbows may in fact come and go, but this revealing take on the forces that shaped two dynamic lives promises to have real staying power.” — AARP Magazine “A remarkably frank and tender undertaking.” — New York Times “Meaningful, revealing...” — Wall Street Journal “This is a book like no other I have ever read…if any two people have lived through way more than their share of crises, singly and collectively, it is Anderson Cooper and Gloria Vanderbilt. Their brave engagement with what they confront so staunchly in this extraordinary dialogue leaves me quite simply awestruck.” — Washington Times “Memoir readers (and Hollywood fans) will appreciate this book, especially those interested in relationships between mothers and sons. A perfect Mother’s Day read.” — Library Journal “Entertaining and thoughtful moments exchanged between a mother and son who have spent much of their lives in the spotlight.” — Kirkus “Through greater openness, Cooper and Vanderbilt achieve a new closeness, demonstrating in this intimate and lively read that it’s never too late to have a rich relationship with family.” — Publishers Weekly "
7.017873850639401e+17,Mon Feb 22 15:15:25 +0000 2016,"Critical Praise “Intriguing… an ideal Mother’s/Father’s Day gift, with the opening, ‘Let’s get to know each other better’…Affectionate, heartfelt, inspirational, and sometimes hilarious, the book’s message is that it is never too late to cultivate a new relationship with your family and break down those walls of silence.” — Bay Area Reporter “A beautiful book that will resonate for all generations, especially mothers and their sons . . . riveting, touching, dishy, funny, and surprising.” — Andy Cohen “Fascinating, forthright, philosophical, and inspiring, these mother-and-son musings on family, life, death, forgiveness, fame, and perseverance are at once uniquely personal and deeply human.” — Booklist (starred review) “[A] touching story. . . . Through greater openness, Cooper and Vanderbilt achieve a new closeness, demonstrating in this intimate and lively read that it’s never too late to have a rich relationship with family.” — Publishers Weekly “A layered mix of reminiscences, heart-rending revelations and apologia, all captured with unsparing candor. . . . Rainbows may in fact come and go, but this revealing take on the forces that shaped two dynamic lives promises to have real staying power.” — AARP Magazine “A remarkably frank and tender undertaking.” — New York Times “Meaningful, revealing...” — Wall Street Journal “This is a book like no other I have ever read…if any two people have lived through way more than their share of crises, singly and collectively, it is Anderson Cooper and Gloria Vanderbilt. Their brave engagement with what they confront so staunchly in this extraordinary dialogue leaves me quite simply awestruck.” — Washington Times “Memoir readers (and Hollywood fans) will appreciate this book, especially those interested in relationships between mothers and sons. A perfect Mother’s Day read.” — Library Journal “Entertaining and thoughtful moments exchanged between a mother and son who have spent much of their lives in the spotlight.” — Kirkus “Through greater openness, Cooper and Vanderbilt achieve a new closeness, demonstrating in this intimate and lively read that it’s never too late to have a rich relationship with family.” — Publishers Weekly "
